#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra-index-url=https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu --extra=ann --extra=ci --extra=docs_additional --extra=ipyparallel --extra=mpi --extra=tests --output-file=requirements-ci-fenics.txt --resolver=backtracking
#
--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu

alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astroid==3.2.2
    # via sphinx-autoapi
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   pytest-notebook
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
bash-kernel==0.9.3
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx-material
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via nbdime
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.5.4
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
css-html-js-minify==2.5.5
    # via sphinx-material
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipyparallel
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
entrypoints==0.4
    # via ipyparallel
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via torch
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via nbdime
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
hypothesis[numpy,pytest]==6.56.3
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   bash-kernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   jupyterlab
    #   myst-nb
ipyparallel==8.8.0
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   myst-nb
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   torch
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   pytest-notebook
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-cache==1.0.0
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
lxml==5.2.2
    # via sphinx-material
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpi4py==3.1.6
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
myst-nb==1.1.1
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
myst-parser==3.0.1
    # via myst-nb
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest-notebook
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbdime==4.0.1
    # via pytest-notebook
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   pytest-notebook
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
notebook==7.2.1
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   hypothesis
    #   matplotlib
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   scipy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   bash-kernel
    #   ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybind11[global]==2.13.1
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
pybind11-global==2.13.1
    # via pybind11
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-datadir
    #   pytest-notebook
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
pytest-datadir==1.5.0
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
pytest-notebook==0.10.0
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ipyparallel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify[unidecode]==8.0.4
    # via
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   sphinx-material
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-events
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-autoapi
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.14.0
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pymor (pyproject.toml)
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinx-material
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-autoapi==3.1.2
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
sphinx-material==0.0.36
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.2
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-cache
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
torch==2.3.1+cpu
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via ipyparallel
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyparallel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.12.3
    # via pymor (pyproject.toml)
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   myst-nb
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via python-slugify
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
